# CS-370-Current-Emerging-Trends-in-CS

In this project, we needed to complete the Q-Training Algorithm code block. The goal of the Q-learning implementation is to find the bes possible navigation sequence that results in the agent reaching the goal, all while maximizing its rewards. When approaching a problem as a computer scientist, I tend to start by breaking down the problem into smaller sections. This allows me to analyze and code each part more efficiently. This also allows me to stay more organized, as I am able to reference the original problem by referencing where I am within my code. Computer scientists are professionals who study and work in the field of computer science, which invloves theory, development, and application of software and systems. Their work is essential to modern society and impacts nearly ever aspect of our daily lives. They develop algorithms and software, study and improve computational theory, build and optimize computer systems, work on data science and big data, create and advance AI and machine learning, provide cybersecurity and privacy, and contribute to emerging technologies and trends. With these innovations comes econimic growth, advanced problem solving and efficiency, enhanced daily life, improved scientific discovery, enhanced security and privacy, and solutions to ethical and societal impacts. When it comes to the responsibilities of a computer scientist to the end user and the organization, you should promote responsibility, transparency, security and risk management, accessibility and inclusivity, fariness and non-bias, user autonomy, clear communication, integrity and professionalism, intellectual property and confidentiality, accountability, comliance with laws and regulations, sustainability and social responsibility, and ethical culture. The ethical responsibilities of computer scientists are essential for maintaining trust, ensuring safety, and fostering fairness within the use of technology.
